I think there's always worries about your future when it comes to, uh,
the Naval professional military all one of the things we don't give
enough credit two is the effect of timing on your career. Timing has
a huge part to play when it comes to career career promotion. You
know most people can make it to lieutenant lieutenant commander without
much trouble. But at that point there is an extreme filtering process
that occurs and you see you lose, you know, losing a lot of people,
Um, because they may not have screened for command because there's
only so many command slots. And a lot of times that could be due
to effect of timing. There's more detailed answer with regard to that
that you'll learn about as you experienced the effect of detail
ing. Uh, but, uh, that's ends up being a pretty big deal when there's
nothing you can control over it, either.